fix: N1C. Help users look for "out of sync" Instances in a CSG (#422)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx-one/how-to/config-sync-groups/manage-config-sync-groups.md

Any instance that joins the group afterwards inherits that configuration.

> {{< note >}} If there are conflicts between an instance and the Config Sync Group, you'll see the following [Config Sync Group Status](#config-sync-group-status) message: **Out of Sync**.

Reviewer: When an instance is out of sync, it wouldn't necessarily be because there is a conflict between the instance and the CSG, it's usually due to some errors in the NGINX configuration that is either not caught when users created the CSG, or something has gone wrong on the data plane instance.

Here is roughly what I think that could be helpful to include in this part of the doc:
```suggestion
{{< note >}} If there was any failure while synchronizing the instance's configuration with the Config Sync Group, you'll see the following [Config Sync Group Status](#config-sync-group-status) message: **Out of Sync**. In that case, check the instance details to see its latest publication and the failure cause. You might need to modify the configuration on the Config Sync Group to fix configuration related errors, and you can publish an updated configuration for the Config Sync Group which should re-synchronize the instance.
```

Feel free to make any changes as you see fit!

Author: @sylwang wdyt?

```suggestion
{{< note >}} If you see the following [Config Sync Group Status](#config-sync-group-status) message: **Out of Sync**:

 - Review the instance. NGINX One Console can help you identify problems.
 - After you change the configuration of the instance or Config Sync Group, [Publish it](#publish-the-config-sync-group-configuration].
```

Reviewer: Thanks Mike, looks good! Users shouldn't be able to change the configuration of the instance directly, when it is part of a CSG, so I've modified it slightly as below:

```suggestion
{{< note >}} If you see the following [Config Sync Group Status](#config-sync-group-status) message: **Out of Sync**:

 - Review the instance details in NGINX One Console to identify any publication problems.
 - After you change the configuration of the Config Sync Group, [Publish it](#publish-the-config-sync-group-configuration].
```

> In that case, review and resolve discrepencies between the Instance and the rest of the Config Sync Group. {{< /note >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In that case, review and resolve discrepancies between the Instance and the rest of the Config Sync Group. {{< /note >}}
```
